Build vs buy blog post (#5569)
sourcegraph/about: content/blogposts/2022/things-to-know-before-building-a-code-search-tool.md

---

> title: '3 things to know before building a custom, in-house code search tool '

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: '3 things to know before building a custom, in-house code search tool'
```

authors:
  - name: Quinn Slack
    url: https://twitter.com/sqs

> publishDate: 2022-07-11T10:00-07:00

Author: I'll update this with the actual date we decide to publish this 😄

Reviewer: Let's deploy this today

> description: ' As your company’s codebase grows, devs will start needing code search to understand, fix, and automate across the codebase. Here are a few questions you should ask yourself before deciding to build code search inside your company.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'As your company’s codebase grows, devs will start needing code search to understand, fix, and automate across the codebase. Here are a few questions you should ask yourself before deciding to build code search inside your company.'
```
